Lowest Common ancestor ( LCA ) :	The LCA algorithm tries to do a simple thing: Figure out paths from the two nodes in 
question to the root. Now, these two paths would have a common suffix (assuming that the path ends at the root). The LCA is the 
first node where the suffix begins. 

Consider the following tree : 

                            	           r * 
                                            / \
                                         s *   *
                                          /  \
                                       u *    * t
                                        /    / \
                                       *  v *   *
                                           / \
                                          *   *
			  
			  

In order to find the LCA(u, v) we proceed as follows:

Path from u to root: Path(u, r) = usr

Path from v to root: Path(v, r) = vtsr

Now, we check for the common suffix:

Common suffix: 'sr'

Therefore LCA(u, v) = first node of the suffix = s

Note the actual algorithms do not go all the way up to the root. They use Disjoint-Set data structures to stop when they reach s.
-----------------------
Real World Application of LCA :  Let’s create a group of people that have commented on a topic, tweeted/retweeted, posted in 
Facebook,etc sorted by time. If we create a graph based on connections such as friends/followers and time, we can attempt to 
traverse it to find who influenced any two people. 

------------------------------------------------------

Wikipedia of LCA : 

the lowest common ancestor (LCA) of two nodes v and w in a tree or directed acyclic graph (DAG) T is the lowest (i.e. deepest) node
that has both v and w as descendants, where we define each node to be a descendant of itself (so if v has a direct connection 
from w, w is the lowest common ancestor).

The LCA of v and w in T is the shared ancestor of v and w that is located farthest from the root. Computation of lowest common
ancestors may be useful, for instance, as part of a procedure for determining the distance between pairs of nodes in a tree: the
distance from v to w can be computed as the distance from the root to v, plus the distance from the root to w, minus twice the 
distance from the root to their lowest common ancestor (Djidjev, Pantziou & Zaroliagis 1991). In ontologies, the lowest common 
ancestor is also known as the least common subsumer.

In a tree data structure where each node points to its parent, the lowest common ancestor can be easily determined by finding the 
first intersection of the paths from v and w to the root. In general, the computational time required for this algorithm is O(h) 
where h is the height of the tree (length of longest path from a leaf to the root). However, there exist several algorithms for 
processing trees so that lowest common ancestors may be found more quickly. Tarjan's off-line lowest common ancestors algorithm,
for example, preprocesses a tree in linear time to provide constant-time LCA queries. In general DAGs, similar algorithms exist, 
but with super-linear complexity.
